acept  accept
accoount account
acclivity activity
activty activity
activy activity
actividy activity
activites activities
activty activity
advanc advance
adviser advisor
againt against
ahve have
alarum alarm
alarmel alarm
alocate allocate
allwed allowed
alraedy already
alreadt already
altough although
anyy any
analogue analog
aprearing appearing
aporved approved
appering appearing
apporver approver
appover approver
appreciat appreciate
appriciat appreciate
aris arise
associat associate
attachd attached
attatch attach
attcah attach
attch attach
attatchment attachment
augest august
august august
aught ought
authoriz authorize
autmatically automatically
banglaore bangalore
baslined baselined
becuse because
beginn begin
belw below
bhave behave
buit but
canvass canvas
centrale central
centre center
chang change
changd changed
chnage change
chnge change
clos close
cloture closure
cntrl control
complet complete
compromis compromise
conclud conclude
consum consume
convolut convolute
de-allocated deallocated
de-alocated deallocated
deault  default
defin define
denot denote
desable disable
dialiy daily
direclty directly
disabel disable
disabl disable
discusse discussed
distruption disruption
earliist earliest
effor effort
efforet effort
employess employees
enabl enable
enabe enable
erquired required
erro error
execut execute
exteremely extremely
extemely extremely
extremity extremely
extremly extremely
finical fiancial
finis finish
followng following
generateed generated
handicapp handicap
hardcod hardcode
harde hard
hav have
hypothesise hypothesize
iisue issue
immediatly immediately
inconvinient inconvenient
indorse endorse
initailly initially
inot into
instal install
itravel travel
kandly kindly
kindlt kindly
leav leave
logg log
measur measure
meliorate ameliorate
melioration amelioration
memebers members
memeber member
memebr member
memebrs members
merchandis merchandise
messanget messages
messgae message
migrat migrate
moreever moreover
mouth month
mov move
neefdul needful
notic notice
oniste onsite
optin option
outln outline
outlin outline
poosible possible
popp pop
porject project
pleas please
plesae please
plese please
pllease please
preferent preference
preferr prefer
pricy pricey
prise price
privileg privilege
probmlen problem
proejct project
proevious previous
prople people
realise realize
re-allocated reallocated
re-alocated reallocated
reagrd regard
receiv receive
reciev receive
refernce reference
reflct reflect
reflcting reflecting
reflcted reflected
regrd regard
relaps relapse
reoprts reports
reoprt report
remaing remaining
reprrt report
reprrts reports
requir require
reqest request
rerpot report
reslov resolve
resouces resources
re-submit resubmit
re-submitt resubmit
resubmittion resubmission
retify rectify
retreiv retreive
screeshots screenshots
scrrenshot screenshot
scedule schedule
schecul schedule
sceen schedule
scedule schedule
selectin selection
septemeber september
september september
septmeber september
servce service
shhets sheets
shoing showing
solv solve
stat state
storey story
stopp stop
stirr stir
submisstion submission
submisison submission
submitt submit
submiit submit
submiitting submitting
submiiting submitting
subbmit submit
submiitted submitted
subitted   submitted
submmit submit
submittong submitting
submitign submitting
submittng submitting
subbmisison submission
sumbit submit
sumitt submit
sumitting submitting
successfully successfully
suggesstion suggestion
suugest suggest
suposed supposed
suppresse suppress
tagg tag
taht that
teusday tuesday
thankn thanks
thas that
theese these
thier their
thnak thank
thnaks thanks
thnaked thanked
thorugh through
thorw through
thow though
throught through
thsi this
timeshee timesheet
timsheet timesheet
timehseet timesheet
tommorrow tomorrow
trac trace
trad trade
transferr transfer
transmut transmit
treid tried
twinn twin
untill until
uregnt urgent
valuble valuable
visibile visible
vissible visible
wiht  with
weeek week
weekeend weekend
weekendd weekend
wheneven whenever
whenevre whenever
writting writing
